hey everyone it's a new day
I'm gonna go Sainsbury's because I need
to buy party supplies for my 100k
subscribers celebration party this
evening because basically I just want to
celebrate hitting a hundred thousand
subscribers with my friends at uni
couldn't have done it without them so I
just thought would be quite nice to have
a little little mini party so I think
the idea is that we'll order pizza or
something and we'll have cake I've also
got the physics and materials science
party I'll just show you what it's
looking like outside right now they have
a rain outside it's been pouring with
rain and it's forecast to pour with rain
all day so the garden party is being
moved indoors all the garden parties are
indoors at the window which is a bit of
a shame I'm just going to get on with my
day
so fostering it's so marshmallow me
making rice krispies marshmallow treats
for the 100k subscribers party we have
an oven so it can't really make a cake
so improvising I need to go the guys so
I accidentally napped for two hours I
was supposed to nap for an hour and
normally I have quite light sleep so I
was like there's no way on a ceiling fan
out soon or they're saying an alarm
I knew I needed an hour like just to
straight my hair do my makeup before
garden party just wake up and pass for
Court garden party started like 20
minutes ago
but it's flying spray then show my face
it was a good nap though giving me a
little energy but
[Music]
hello everyone and welcome to the
hundred cases private party we all
celebrating happy food at the minutes
and it's arizona-based hello everyone so
the pizza has been eaten and now we are
eating the chocolate crispy 100k which
is actually very tasty it's been a
really fun evening this evening actually
we put down the jib we played a few
games can I go to bed now might watch a
little bit of love island gonna get a
good night's sleep this evening so I
don't end up napping when I don't want
to tomorrow like what happened today
like honestly that's the first time I've
ever napped and just waking up my
friends knocked on my door to like say
we need to go and I don't even hear it
knocks on the door like I was in that
deep asleep yeah I'm a silly bitty
really gonna take my makeup off and that
such effort night guys see you tomorrow
hey everyone so I had a really long lion
again today and it was great and I have
absolutely no regrets at all because I
want to break at the moment this is my
relaxed chill out time since I got up
I've just been editing my blocks and I'm
actually making good progress I think
I'm gonna go get lunch my friends who
are in today all want to play games in
the chip shortly because the weather is
nice
I might go join them but also I want to
get my editing done first at dinner that
evening we saw a new portrait up in the
College Hall it sort of Professor Ian
white who has just finished his term as
master of the college good morning
everyone so I'm bringing the morning
runs back today and I'm going for a run
for like the first time in a week and
it's also much later that I used to go
for runs because back when exams were
gone I was going at like 7:30 in the
morning now it is past 10 o'clock that's
not too late to go for a run I have I
have no tight schedule today it's fine I
can just manage my time however I like
I'm well-rested Henry has a birthday
formal this evening it's a full formal
as well so it's gonna be really busy
yeah yes the evening was funks we just
played games in the jib like time went
really quickly yesterday evening we came
back from dinner
and then just sat in the dirt from
played games next time I looked at my
watch it was like 10 o'clock hey
everyone
so I've returned from my morning run I
had breakfast chatted with my friends
over breakfast and had a shower and that
takes me to now and it is just past
midday so still quite a lot of the day
to go any spare moment of course I'm
going to be editing because you know I
quite like editing and you know there's
editing to do so why not I do it the
weather still isn't great but it's not
bad
like I was quite pleased this morning
because it was a bit cooler than it has
been in recent weeks so when I was
running when it was really really hot it
was just a bit much but there was a bit
more of a breeze it was nicer to run in
this were there for sure
they've started setting up for me Paul I
saw as I went past my run this morning
which is very exciting
Mable for those of you who don't know is
a ball that we have in June and it's
part of May week which is the big week
at the end of exams where everyone
celebrates freedom and just has fun at
the end of exam term May week is in June
so basically May we used to be in May
before exams and then they moved it to
June but it's kept its name as May week
lots of the colleges have their own
Mabel's but Jesus has one that is pretty
good and obviously I'm going to my own
college Mabel is actually quite hard to
get tickets to other college labels if
you don't know people there so yeah
Jesus was the logical option to go for
since me and all my friends can all get
tickets really easily for Jesus maple
I'm pretty really excited for that it's
less than a week away now so
it's going to be a nice seat and what
you're about to hear is what happens at
the start of every formal the Gong
sounds everyone stands up and Latin
grace is red
[Music]
[Applause]
hello a great formal happy birthday
Henry it was good that was great for the
chocolate oh I thought he writes on my
street it was really pretty sickly
really great so good I think now the
plan is to go to J bar anything else a
and B about it and subscribe like your
Instagram
everyone so I'm back in the gym I've
swapped my gown for a cardigan I've
swapped my heels it's a great time we've
been playing games
you should just destroy us or in worms
it was great that our board was here but
everyone's kind of just disappeared but
it's fine whatever I do my friends I
promise hello hello I thought I'd just
do a quick check-in this evening because
I'm aware I have not for looked today
basically I've done nothing today and
I've been enjoying doing nothing
sometimes it's just great to do nothing
I suddenly have managed to build myself
quite a big to-do list I don't know
where it all came from I think it was
just me thinking I've got nothing to do
I'm so free and suddenly out of nowhere
I've got a massive list of things to do
so I'm making sure I get up at a
reasonable time tomorrow I'm actually
setting an alarm I'm quite excited to
get productive cuz there's quite a few
things to sort like it's Father's Day
this weekend I need to get my dad a
Father's Day present I need to sort out
my outfit for a wedding that I'm
attending in a few weeks time I've
obviously got to sort out my youtube
videos my computer's being slow so I
haven't managed to do it this evening
and I'm doing upload tomorrow and I need
to send off a YouTube video for approval
to a sponsor I need to sort out some of
my stuff to be taken home because my
parents are gonna come pick up some of
my stuff this weekend just because I've
got so much stuff to take back and I've
got to clear out my room obviously at
the end of the year and I just got lots
more admin bits to do lots of emails to
send so I just need to get on that
tomorrow and make sure it's all done
because the plan is to go out tomorrow
evening can I get to bed everyone hello
so we are going to the Jesus College
Music Society concert this evening emma
is in it with the jesus singers and I
think the orchestra are playing so it
should be quite pleasant there's also a
garden party afterwards which I am
totally up for
[Applause]
[Music]
on Saturday I was lucky enough to be
able to sub into a rowing crew for may
bumps
it's a rowing race where we all race
along the river and try to bump into the
crew in front of us here we are watching
one of the earlier divisions very passed
before rowing up to our start position
[Applause]
so I've been doing bumps this morning I
subbed in to m4 which is the fourth
Jesus men's crew and hooks them in race
we did get bumped which means I don't
mind us bumped into us and the weather
wasn't too bad it was quite sunny for a
bit so that was enjoyable my parents are
visiting me so they came and watched me
although they didn't see us actually
racing because we got bumped very very
quickly off the start here's my mum I'm
feeling very very tired today because as
you saw I did go out last night it's the
one time I'm going out like I personally
I'm a big fan of clubbing and I think
that kind of feeling is shared around
the group but like is I don't mind it I
like going out every now and again but
yeah it was actually a very fun night
out but I was just up very very late and
obviously I've had to go up fairly early
this morning so the parents in the
visiting convention or my parents at
home and then I'm gonna go now while my
parents have left and then I'll be
refreshed cuz I thought Boat Club dinner
BCD evening I was tossing out whether to
go or not because obviously I haven't
course to return this time
of having too much work but I do quite
enjoy Boat Club dinner so I thought why
not all the people at the Boat Club are
really really friendly so it lasted me
really into every evening everyone
so I've been shopping I've bought some
new clothes my mom helped me I think I
just needed my mom here to help style me
I'm a little bit tired if you haven't
noticed already so the plan is going out
and hopefully provide myself in time for
Boat Club dinner because Boat Club
dinner has the potential to be a really
fun evening I just need to like be awake
for a good--nice seeing my parents
though you want to say hi hi it's been
nice buying lunch
they love visiting me and buying me
lunch and hello vlog so I'm just heading
off to BCD boat club dinner I've had a
nap I feel a teeny bit refreshed but
I've just got a little bit of headache
you know we're gonna plow on through it
it's gonna be a nice evening I'm just
going to the pre-dinner drinks
[Music]
hey everyone so I've come back from BCD
and I've literally just come back and
taken all my makeup off and got in my
pajamas I'm just about to go to bed and
can you please not judge me like I know
this is quite boring but I'm just so not
good you have no idea
I might just lie in bed and watch love
island it's probably quite bad isn't it
like the rest of the boat club will
carried on to the bar and then they'll
go out to spoons after but like I just
don't have the energy I just don't have
the energy boat club dinner was nice as
always a good end to the year and I'm
just quite excited to get back to
sing next year because I've really
missed at this term before when I was
having to get up with all the early
mornings throughout the year for cooking
I was beginning to resent it it was
stressing me out cuz I felt like I
didn't have enough time to do work and
whatnot but like now I've had some time
away from it I'm like oh wait I did
really enjoy it and I miss it the
trouble is here like we have so much
work it's just impossible to do that
many things on top of the work I just
really want to learn to row myself now
I'm considering actually rowing next
term could be quite fun Hey today is the
cobble boat race and yes we did say we
were gonna enter did it happen no not
really surprising we've come to watch it
I can't see boats made of cardboard
making their way down the river
too quickly
we are hunting Easter is currently
punting this is his first time hunting
and he's done a very impressive job okay
they want to do a switch over who's
punting sunny this afternoon
it was raining a bit earlier when I
watched the public boat race everyone we
are back in college and heading over to
the cricket pavilion this is a Natural
Sciences Society at running an event for
all those who are interested in Natural
Sciences that's us
there should be pins and other
scientists around it could be just us
there we don't know how well attended it
will be good evening everyone so I had a
really really nice day today the drinks
kind of worked over by the time we got
there like there was basically no one
there anymore and they were packing up
but there were still drinks available we
all sat down for 20 minutes or so
outside on the grass and that was
pleasant since then I've kind of been
chilling in my room but planning out my
makeup and whatnot for tomorrow tomorrow
is the Jesus College Mable you know go
do nice makeup we've kind of settled on
going for a natural elegant makeup look
I don't want anything too heavy but it's
just like choosing a lipstick and
everything but I've settled for this
kind of subtle pinky color and I'm gonna
get my nails done tomorrow morning which
will be nice I'm excited for tomorrow
but I need to get an early night now
Mabel literally goes on all night it
starts at 8:00 p.m.
goes on until 5:30 a.m. the following
morning I've got to be awake and on it I
want to make the most of this Mabel is
literally one of the highlights of the
year oh I just love this time of year
I'm so happy I've literally only got one
week now until my internship starts and
it's just not long enough guys it's just
not long enough I'm just really enjoying
this break got to get back to work at
some point and you know I was talking to
my mom and she was like a change is as
good as a break is that saying who knows
I feel like the internship is not going
to be too stressful I've just
a lot of stress this term because of
exams but with the internship it's just
kind of seeing if I like the actuarial
career getting a taste of something
seeing if I can get as much out of it as
possible there's no pressure on me so I
feel okay about it I'm sure I have fun
doing the internship so it's fine but no
I'm just I'm really loving being in
Cambridge at the moment and my parents
are picking me up on the Thursday so
I've just got Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday and then I'm gone I'm not going
to see my friends or summer sad times
good morning everyone and I am just
walking across town to get my nails done
this morning peeps say my nails are done
pink I was gonna go for something
different I was in there to see a color
like I always go for pink let's shake
things up but then I was like no I just
like the color pink whatever I had a
light lunch like I went and bought the
salad from Sainsbury's just because I
want to save myself because it's going
to be so much food at Mabel I want to
take full advantage of all the different
food available and not be full too
quickly so we're we're eating lightly
during the day today then I'm gonna
start gag ready and prepped for the bull
because we have to leave our rooms by 5
o'clock unfortunately because it's held
in college they have to be careful that
people who haven't bought to hit the
ball on in college when the Bulls on
everything's being set up I've seen
doorjambs being set up there's lots of
tents set up now lights they're using
part of our staircase for some sort of
lighting bubble machine thing so we'll
in Asia's rooms have got lots of
equipment in
[Music]
hello everyone so I have straightened my
hair I'm gonna put some makeup on now
and continue getting ready for me ball
I'm gonna end this look Here I am gonna
vlog the hold of me boob it will be in a
separate video so watch out for that
coming soon thank you so much for
watching I hope you can see that I've
been having a lot of fun in the past
week or so it's been great having no
work I'm enjoying the freedom
give the video a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe hit the notification bell to
see when I next upload and I'll see you
soon with another video bye E
[Music]